README.md, before:

<h1 align=center>
  <img width=64 src=https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier/assets/41323182/3065245a-28b6-4410-9b07-8b940f4796ae><br>
Unifier</h1>
<p align=center>A sophisticated Discord bot uniting servers and platforms, brought to you by Green and ItsAsheer<br>
Inspired by matrix-t2bot</p>

## What is Unifier?
Unifier is a bot written in Python which allows users to connect their Discord servers together to form one big global chat 
room. It is also compatible with Revolt and Guilded with support extensions, meaning that it can also be used as a bridge bot 
to connect servers from different platforms together.

We built Unifier to create a free, safe, and open conversing space, where the things we could talk about are limitless, as 
long as they are safe topics.

## Features
### Basic features
Like most bridge bots, Unifier has basic commands such as link, unlink, etc., so you can do most of what you'd need to do 
all on your messaging app of choice.

### Fast and responsive bridge
Using threading and optimizations, Unifier has been tested to be able to send up to 33 messages a second through webhooks, so 
nobody needs to wait to see your messages. Do note that this speed will vary depending on lots of factors.

### Revolt and Guilded support
With [Revolt](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-revolt) and [Guilded](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-guilded) 
support plugins, you can bring your communities outside of Discord together, or get a break from Discord without losing your 
community.

Support plugins need to be installed to enable support for these platforms.

### Moderation commands
After you assign bot admins, they can assign moderators, who can help moderate the chat and take action against bad actors. 
Server moderators can also block members and servers from bridging messages to their servers should they find it necessary.

### And more!
- **Message cache backups**: Unifier's message cache is backed up on graceful shutdowns, so it remembers message IDs between
  reboots for replying, editing, and deleting.
- **Easy management**: Unifier comes with a built-in upgrader, so upgrading your instance is a breeze. Even new configuration
  keys are added automatically, so you don't have to worry about them.
- **Message reporting**: Users can report messages to Unifier moderators, so they can more easily take action against bad
  actors.
- **Plugins support**: Anyone can always code and install plugins for Unifier to extend its functionality. If you need help
  making your own plugin, you can always use our [template](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-plugin).
- **Database-free**: No need to get a database up and running. Everything is stored locally on the same system you use to run 
Unifier, so the performance is not impacted by slow 10k+ ping database servers.
- **External bridge support**: Unifier supports external bridge services like
  [matrix-t2bot](https://github.com/t2bot/matrix-appservice-discord), so you can connect platforms beyond what we can cover and
  avoid reconfiguring too much.

## Setup
### Guided setup
You can use Installer to install Unifier through a user interface on Discord. You can download Installer
[here](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-installer).

### Manual setup
Please follow our guides on GitBook to set up Unifier.

- [If you're using an existing Unifier client](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup/getting-started)

- [If you're hosting your own Unifier client](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/getting-started)

### Managing updates
From v1.2.0, System Manager now manages updates. Please refer to [this 
guide](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/upgrading-unifier) for managing updates.

### Revolt and Guilded support
To install support plugins for Revolt and Guilded, please refer to [this 
guide](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/getting-started/unifier#installing-revolt-support) for Revolt, and
[this guide](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/getting-started/unifier#installing-guilded-support) for Guilded.

## License
Unifier is licensed under the AGPLv3. If you wish to use its source code, please read the license carefully before doing so.

## Acknowledgments
We want to thank:
- [**Nextcord**](https://github.com/nextcord), for continuing the discord.py project as Nextcord when it was discontinued, and also
  supporting context menu commands in a Cog
- [**Voxel Fox**](https://github.com/Voxel-Fox-Ltd), for continuing the discord.py project as Novus when it was discontinued, which
  is the library we used to use until we moved to Nextcord
- [**Rapptz**](https://github.com/Rapptz) and [**discord.py**](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) developers, for creating the
  discord.py library Novus and Nextcord are based on
- [**Revolt**](https://github.com/revoltchat), for creating revolt.py and an awesome open-source Discord alternative
- [**shayypy**](https://github.com/shayypy), for creating guilded.py

We also use the logging logger formatting code from discord.py, which is licensed under the MIT license. You can find more info in 
the `EXTERNAL_LICENSES.txt` file.

## Special thanks
As the project founder and leader, I want to give my special thanks to:
- [**ItsAsheer/NullyIsHere**](https://github.com/NullyIsHere), for joining the team and helping me fix my shitty Python and
  adding a lot of amazing features to Unifier
- **My best friend**, for turning my life around for the better and always supporting me even at my worst

And lastly but *most importantly*, **the late role model of mine I used to know very well**: He's the one that brought me and my 
best friend together, as well as lots of other people together as well. Without him, I don't know if Unifier would have even existed, 
so I want to pick up where he left off and continue uniting people in his honor. I dedicate this project to him by open sourcing the 
code, so people can use it to bring people together just like how he did.

In return, we expect that all users honor those who made this project possible use the code **responsibly**. Please do not organize 
any hate groups or whatever with Unifier.

## Note
Unifier's icon was co-created by @green. and @thegodlypenguin on Discord.

Unifier and UnifierHQ developers are not affiliated or associated with, or endorsed by Discord Inc., Guilded Inc. and Revolt.

Commit message:

add ente to special thanks

README.md, after:

<h1 align=center>
  <img width=64 src=https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier/assets/41323182/3065245a-28b6-4410-9b07-8b940f4796ae><br>
Unifier</h1>
<p align=center>A sophisticated Discord bot uniting servers and platforms, brought to you by Green and ItsAsheer<br>
Inspired by matrix-t2bot</p>

## What is Unifier?
Unifier is a bot written in Python which allows users to connect their Discord servers together to form one big global chat 
room. It is also compatible with Revolt and Guilded with support extensions, meaning that it can also be used as a bridge bot 
to connect servers from different platforms together.

We built Unifier to create a free, safe, and open conversing space, where the things we could talk about are limitless, as 
long as they are safe topics.

## Features
### Basic features
Like most bridge bots, Unifier has basic commands such as link, unlink, etc., so you can do most of what you'd need to do 
all on your messaging app of choice.

### Fast and responsive bridge
Using threading and optimizations, Unifier has been tested to be able to send up to 33 messages a second through webhooks, so 
nobody needs to wait to see your messages. Do note that this speed will vary depending on lots of factors.

### Revolt and Guilded support
With [Revolt](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-revolt) and [Guilded](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-guilded) 
support plugins, you can bring your communities outside of Discord together, or get a break from Discord without losing your 
community.

Support plugins need to be installed to enable support for these platforms.

### Moderation commands
After you assign bot admins, they can assign moderators, who can help moderate the chat and take action against bad actors. 
Server moderators can also block members and servers from bridging messages to their servers should they find it necessary.

### And more!
- **Message cache backups**: Unifier's message cache is backed up on graceful shutdowns, so it remembers message IDs between
  reboots for replying, editing, and deleting.
- **Easy management**: Unifier comes with a built-in upgrader, so upgrading your instance is a breeze. Even new configuration
  keys are added automatically, so you don't have to worry about them.
- **Message reporting**: Users can report messages to Unifier moderators, so they can more easily take action against bad
  actors.
- **Plugins support**: Anyone can always code and install plugins for Unifier to extend its functionality. If you need help
  making your own plugin, you can always use our [template](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-plugin).
- **Database-free**: No need to get a database up and running. Everything is stored locally on the same system you use to run 
Unifier, so the performance is not impacted by slow 10k+ ping database servers.
- **External bridge support**: Unifier supports external bridge services like
  [matrix-t2bot](https://github.com/t2bot/matrix-appservice-discord), so you can connect platforms beyond what we can cover and
  avoid reconfiguring too much.

## Setup
### Guided setup
You can use Installer to install Unifier through a user interface on Discord. You can download Installer
[here](https://github.com/UnifierHQ/unifier-installer).

### Manual setup
Please follow our guides on GitBook to set up Unifier.

- [If you're using an existing Unifier client](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup/getting-started)

- [If you're hosting your own Unifier client](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/getting-started)

### Managing updates
From v1.2.0, System Manager now manages updates. Please refer to [this 
guide](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/upgrading-unifier) for managing updates.

### Revolt and Guilded support
To install support plugins for Revolt and Guilded, please refer to [this 
guide](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/getting-started/unifier#installing-revolt-support) for Revolt, and
[this guide](https://unichat-wiki.pixels.onl/setup-selfhosted/getting-started/unifier#installing-guilded-support) for Guilded.

## License
Unifier is licensed under the AGPLv3. If you wish to use its source code, please read the license carefully before doing so.

## Acknowledgments
We want to thank:
- [**Nextcord**](https://github.com/nextcord), for continuing the discord.py project as Nextcord when it was discontinued, and also
  supporting context menu commands in a Cog
- [**Voxel Fox**](https://github.com/Voxel-Fox-Ltd), for continuing the discord.py project as Novus when it was discontinued, which
  is the library we used to use until we moved to Nextcord
- [**Rapptz**](https://github.com/Rapptz) and [**discord.py**](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) developers, for creating the
  discord.py library Novus and Nextcord are based on
- [**Revolt**](https://github.com/revoltchat), for creating revolt.py and an awesome open-source Discord alternative
- [**shayypy**](https://github.com/shayypy), for creating guilded.py

We also use the logging logger formatting code from discord.py, which is licensed under the MIT license. You can find more info in 
the `EXTERNAL_LICENSES.txt` file.

## Special thanks
As the project founder and leader, I want to give my special thanks to:
- [**ItsAsheer/NullyIsHere**](https://github.com/NullyIsHere), for joining the team and helping me fix my shitty Python and
  adding a lot of amazing features to Unifier
- [**Ente Community**](https://github.com/ente-io), for offering me invaluable advice for open sourcing this project
- **My best friend**, for turning my life around for the better and always supporting me even at my worst

And lastly but *most importantly*, **the late role model of mine I used to know very well**: He's the one that brought me and my 
best friend together, as well as lots of other people together as well. Without him, I don't know if Unifier would have even existed, 
so I want to pick up where he left off and continue uniting people in his honor. I dedicate this project to him by open sourcing the 
code, so people can use it to bring people together just like how he did.

In return, we expect that all users honor those who made this project possible use the code **responsibly**. Please do not organize 
any hate groups or whatever with Unifier.

## Note
Unifier's icon was co-created by @green. and @thegodlypenguin on Discord.

Unifier and UnifierHQ developers are not affiliated or associated with, or endorsed by Discord Inc., Guilded Inc. and Revolt.
