Unifier v3.8.0 is here after a long break! This update brings new features and fixes to Unifier to make your experience
even better. Thank you for using Unifier!

We're testing out a new layout for our release notes to make things more organized, especially when we have updates
packed with new features like this one. Please give us feedback on our [Discord](https://discord.unifierhq.org),
[Revolt](https://revolt.unifierhq.org) or [Guilded](https://guilded.unifierhq.org) servers!

## 🖇️ Bridge updates
- Introducing Filters! Easily configure what you want and what you don't want in your rooms.
- Relaying message edits and deletes can now be disabled
- Rooms can now be marked as NSFW to prevent non-NSFW channels from joining them
  - Similarly, non-NSFW rooms will prevent NSFW channels from joining them.
- Added option to pause sending your messages to rooms
- Allowed webhooks not created by the bot to send messages to rooms
- Removed addbridge and delbridge commands in favor of webhooks Filter
- Legacy content scan behavior is now deprecated
- Bridge cache backups will now use Zstandard instead of LZMA for better performance
- Bridge cache backups can now be stored encrypted

## 🔧 Unifier System updates
- Unifier now requires Python 3.12 or newer
- Added SecureStorage for storing data encrypted
- TokenStore now uses AES-256-GCM instead of AES-256-CBC
  - Conversion from CBC to GCM is handled on boot, so don't worry about this much.
- Enhanced security of TokenStore

## 🧩 Modifier updates
- Modifiers must now declare required tokens in its metadata to get access to them

## 🚀 Bug fixes and performance optimizations
- Bridge performance has been optimized by eliminating the ~20-30ms latency caused by starting an aiomultiprocess Worker
- Simplified Bridge logic for better maintainability
- Upgrader dependency management bugfix